[FEATURE] Ajout support group et permission de Metabase (PIX-8495) (#3)
1024pix/steampipe-plugin-metabase: docs/tables/metabase_db.md

List all databases of Metabase.

This table need to be use first cause all tables started with `metabase_db_xxx` need to know the database id.

No field required.

## Examples

### List all databases

```sql
SELECT
  id,
  name,
  description,
  is_full_sync,
  is_sample,
  cache_field_values_schedule,
  metadata_sync_schedule,
  caveats,
  engine,
  created_at,
  updated_at,
  native_permissions,
  points_of_interest 
FROM
  metabase_db;
```

### Get one database by name

```sql
SELECT
  id
  name,
  description
FROM
  metabase_db
WHERE
  name = 'Test';
```

Return:
```
+------+------+-------------+
| id   | name | description |
+------+------+-------------+
| 7    | Test | <null>      |
+------+------+-------------+
```

### List all database use PostgreSQL

```sql
SELECT
  engine
FROM
  metabase_db
WHERE
   engine = 'postgres';
```

> ### List all databases are not fully syncrhonized after a Meatabase crash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List all databases are not fully synchronized after a Meatabase crash
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### List all databases are not fully synchronized after a Metabase crash
```
